most SAS companies are losing Deals they
don't even know about because their
websites working against them after
launching over 310 websites and working
with countless B2B tech companies I've
developed a framework to make your
website your very best sales rep
generating a steady stream of qualified
leads demos and revenue Around the Clock
in this video I'm going to share the
exact framework so you can follow along
and start crafting a SAS website that
converts like crazy let's dive in so why
does your website really matter well
unlike any salesperson your website's
live 24/7 and it should be working
around the clock to drive inbound
business to your SAS company it's at the
core it's at the heart it's that
Foundation of your marketing efforts or
your advertising marketing whether it's
organic or paid is channeling through to
this website so it needs to work damn
hard to convert those into leads signups
or Revenue it's a fully owned asset
unlike social media you can fully
control your website whether that's
Pages blogs articles resources or more
you can build to those assets and even
if you're thinking well I don't do a ton
of marketing I don't do a ton of
advertising a lot of my business comes
from Word of Mouth referrals or Partners
well you might be losing business you
don't even know about because all those
folks are going to check your website
first and if it doesn't give that right
impression they might be dropping off
and heading to a competitor so what
should be the main goals of your website
your website needs to attract build
trust with educate qualify and convert
prospects into leads signups demos or
booked calls it should be the main
conversion point for all those hard
marketing efforts the only way to have a
website that converts like crazy is to
resonate with dream clients with your
ICP with ideal client profiles and to do
that you've got to do the step that most
B2B and tech companies neglect you've
got to take the time invested in
customer research so I recommend making
a list of seven to 10 recently won
clients you could weave in some recently
churned customers or if you're a new
business and you may be struggling to
get that many recently won customers you
could look at longer term clients only
thing to bear in mind is they'll be more
biased they'll give you less transparent
answers so you want to record a session
with them on Zoom Riverside or similar
and you want to ask them questions like
this what was the main problem you came
to us to solve what impact did that
problem have on your business what made
you decide to start evalu ating
Solutions in our sector what was the
timing thing what was that Tipping Point
that made you want to start solving the
issue what other the competitors were
you evaluating what was it specifically
that made you decide to partner with us
over those competitors what reservations
or concerns be fully transparent here
what reservations did you have about
partnering with us what was that main
advantage we brought to the table that
then eventually made you decide to sign
up with our solution what results have
we brought to the table what has been
the specific benefits what have been the
advantages is what have you loved about
working with us what are you able to do
now that you weren't able to do before
now on the website side of things you
can ask things like what's the most
important thing for yourself when
evaluating Solutions in our sector what
do you feel is missing on our current
website what do you like specifically
about our current website and what do
you usually want to see quickly when
you're evaluating vendors in our sector
When comparing vendors in our Niche what
do you really care about learning seeing
doing really fast when looking at webs
ites in our Niche what really frustrates
you about our sector what do you hate
about our industry what's one thing you
really wish that you could change and is
there anything you'd add when it comes
to our site when it comes to competitors
or similar once you've asked all these
questions on a recorded session with 7
to 10 or more ideally recently won
clients then you want to go through
those transcripts so perhaps you record
it and you install a plugin like fathom
that allows you to easily pull those
transcripts you want to look for
patterns in those responses so what is
consistently said time and again against
each point what are the common words
that your customers use to describe
those problems those jobs be done their
goals their frustrations their
motivations and more and make a note of
each of those patterns against each
response why are we doing this well this
is the gold these are the golden nuggets
that can really inform our messaging
across our homepage and core pages so we
can really understand what our clients
care about what frustrates them what
they want to get done their goals the
motivations so we can really pair that
up with the messaging content key pages
and more so our website can most
importantly resonate with those dream
clients and we can start utilizing that
throughout our content messaging core
pages and more do this properly and
you're going to be ahead of most in B2B
SAS and Tech right let's kick off with
the homepage so when it comes to your
homepage there's an awesome test I've
talked about a lot on the breaking B2B
podcast it's called the grunt test
essentially means could you stick a
laptop in front of a caveman sitting in
his cave who's never seen any technology
let alone your website or homepage
before and without any prior
understanding of your offer your brand
what you do could he quickly see your
homepage hero area and understand
exactly what you do how it helps them
why they should pick you and how to
learn more or get in touch if not if
they can't do that within 3 or 4 seconds
of seeing your homepage hero area then
your website's missing the mark and you
wasting Cash Time or resources on
marketing spend or advertising spend so
it needs work and that's why that
previous step of customer research to
understand dream clients goals problems
jobs to be done motivations and more and
the language they actually use is so
important especially here so when it
comes to the homepage typical format is
you've got the top menu navigation at
the top so you've got usually logo top
left then your main page navigation and
then top right you've normally got a
standout color for your call to action
whether that's book a demo book a call
sign up for free whatever your CTA
whatever your conversion point is then
underneath you've normally got your main
headline so there's a few Frameworks for
homepage headlines that I like to use
one simple one is value prop based or
benefit based so proposify proposal
software I've got professional branded
proposals from conversation to close so
it clearly summarizes what they do with
a kind of benefit based headline our
client events there have got one
platform for everything events they do
event management software so showing
clearly what they do on that homepage
headline we've taken a different
approach at breaking B2B
docomo fight against an enemy in your
sector so we use the customer research
because I get on so many calls with B2B
marketers B2B Founders and they were
telling me that past agencies focused on
vanity metrics that rank they ranked
from a bunch of keywords but never
converted into demos signups leads or
Revenue so we took a stance against that
so our headline is B2B and SAS SEO for
Revenue not vanity literally by taking
those conversations and converting that
into messaging that resonates so you can
either go kind of stand against fight
against an enemy in your sector with
your homepage headline you can go kind
of benefit driven clearly summarizing
what you do or you can even go problem
based I.E are you tired of X we solve
that with Y or you frustrated with a
this is how we fix it with b and then
underneath your main headline you could
have a sub headline like in our case
we've got most B2B websites fail to
drive a steady flow of qualified leads
we fix that so you could do something
that that resonates usually on a SAS
website next to your headline you'll
have an image or a gif or a video of
your product in action of your software
in my case I've got an intro videoos
where a B2B service provider so propose
if I have got a video demo of their
offering events a website they've got
screenshots and folks looking at their
tool straight away so yeah above the
fold menu nav CTA homepage headline show
the offer an action and a cool to action
to take that next step whatever that
might look like and then usually just
above the fold just before you scroll
you've got some logos worked with so in
our case it says B2B tech service
companies trust us to deliver sales
Pipeline and some logos you could go
more specific so right now propos fire
I've got 8,976 companies are crushing
their close rates for propose fire which
I like I like the specifics and being
Tob Marketing in general so yours could
be just before you scroll in that fold
and you've got some logos that you work
with you could say
2,176 B2B SAS Market as if that's your
ICP but maybe yours is CSO so you could
say 2376 csos trus in our solution to do
XYZ whatever that benefit is then maybe
a call to action to view those results
and after as you scroll down below the
fold a framework I like to use is the
struggling moment so the top three or
four struggles that your clients might
have so again lever that research from
customer calls so in our case we're
leveraging the main p points we hear
each day so you're tired of seeing
competitors above you in Google you're a
small marketing team that's
overstretched struggling to see results
from SEO maybe you're investing loads in
paid media but not organic search um or
maybe your last agency promised the
Earth didn't deliver so you've got those
main problem statements to resonate with
your ICP and then below you talk about
the exact process or solu how your
solution fixes that and then maybe have
some more social proof so client head
shots with testimonials and and results
you brought to the table than another
CTA or if we go more benefit driven so
my client events.com our client are
breaking B2B they've got their hero
they've got their examples of their
product they've got request demo CTA
then they've got powering over 350,000
events worldwide with some client logos
and they go more benefit driven so are
you doing inperson virtual hybrid events
that's us then they talk about those
three main areas they support inperson
virtual hybrid then we've got some more
screenshots of their product and saying
how they make the event planning side of
things nice and easy with the CTA to
learn more then they talk more about the
product here about the events side of
things with a nice screenshot and a CJ
to learn more so you've got kind of
three blocks where they talk about the
product and how it helps then they've
got some social proof so a client quote
and an option to view the case study
with some bullet points about how that
case study helped and they talk about
the product a bit more and then lastly
they've got some info about the
industries that they help the sectors
they support and the fact that it can
integrate with a bunch of different
tools and a bit more of a deep dive into
how it can help you specifically maybe
with some of the problems that you're
encountering some more social proof
logos and as you get towards the footer
they've got an option to view pricing
book a demo and their Foo section with
all the core main core Pages the site at
the end there's a bunch of ways you can
do it depending on whether you want to
go more in depth whether you want to go
more benefit driven or whether you want
to go kind of the starting hero this is
exactly what we do or this is what we
stand against or this is a problem we
solve this is why you should consider us
this is a CTA this is our product in
action you might be struggling with
these main three or four pain points
this is specifically how we solve them
and who we solve them for here's some
more social proof of us proving that we
can do what we say we can and here's
another CT to sign up learn more book a
demo whatever that next step is so I
know after interviewing over
425 B2B marketing and revenue leaders on
my my podcast breaking B2B they want to
land on your B2B or your SAS website and
quickly understand what you do how it
helps them why they should choose you
they want to see your product or your
offer and action they want to know how
much it costs they want to see proof of
results they want to get their common
questions answered and then based upon
you checking all those boxes they want
to easily take a free sign up or they
want to schedule a call with an expert
whether that is a live demo or a sales
call so why not show them your product
in action so if you want to drive
inbound leads if you want to drive sales
calls why not those prospects more
qualified by actually showing them the
products they can take a spin for it
themselves and then when they're ready
they can book a cool with sales so those
leads that come inbound are super
qualified and almost ready to buy once
you've answered their core questions so
just showing on the screen one of our
clients wildspark tocom they're B2B SAS
in the leadership and training space for
managing teams so they quite literally
let you get under the Bonnet so you can
go through some of the main features
there's tools like navitech wut and a
bunch of others that enable you to
install live demos on your website
something to consider if you really want
to show folks under the Bonnet how your
tool Works those cool features that keep
getting raised and keep getting
requested and then when someone is ready
to speak to sales they way more
qualified next up we've got feature
pages so I'm looking at the revenue
hero.io site we did some work and some
Consulting with them at breaking btb a
little while back so under their
features tab in the main navigation
they've got a list of their main
features and most likely they've taken
these from the things that are most
requested probably that their dream
clients existing customers and such
really care about so they can quickly
flick to those mus have features they've
got in their case they provide calendar
scheduling software so they can rout
leads from the website straight to sales
reps without the endless back and forth
they got things like instant scheduling
smart meeting distribution relays
instant qualification reporting campaign
routa event schedule and more if we dive
into instance scheduling on the features
t love the fact they've got a hero area
straight away it says more meetings cut
the emails they've got a CTA for request
a demo and just to the right of that
hero headline they've actually got a
gift here of showing the product in
action they're actually showing the aha
moment when you book the meeting it gets
confirmed and then it gets sent through
to the right person in the sales team so
it shows actually that aha moment of you
booking that meeting and grabbing a time
with a sales rep instantly then they've
got some social proofs loved by hundreds
of B2B companies and some logos worked
with that we talked about a bit like on
the homepage then they're talking about
how it works so here's what you'll
experience more screenshots of the
product and action now they're talking
they've got some problem Centric
messaging so in that case there's a huge
Valley of Death between the first CTA
interaction first meeting book love that
so talking about that main pain point in
their case of where you lose leads
because you don't have a scheduling tool
so maybe folks fill in the form and wait
days months or or longer to hear back
from a sales so they're really doubling
down on that pain point they solve and
then they're talking about how their
solution fixes that some more
screenshots talking about how the
scheduling tool actually addresses those
deep pain points they're talking about
the integration so really big for SAS
tools is their main CRM Integrations
that your customers care about that they
really want to integrate talk about that
they've got some more benefits so if
your team's outbound motion inbound
motion cold calling cold emailing how it
can sync up there so talk about those
use cases that your dream customers care
about and weave those in and then they
go they lean more into the problem space
so if you're looking for hassle-free XYZ
this is how we solve it they also talk
about the industries they work with
their Industries are like demand then
revops sales op sales so you can talk
about those main industries that tend to
suit best your offer then you've got
some more social proof so some customer
quotes they actually talking about in
their customer testimonials they're
talking about companies that switch from
the competitor and actually talking
about why they switch from a competitor
specifically so in their case there's
actually a really nice touch this is why
we move from chili Piper this is why we
move from canonly and then they've got
the customer name their job title their
image and the their brand name really
nice touch really I think that adds an
extra layer of maybe you're evaluating
switching options quite a cool thing and
then another CT to book a demo and then
the footer section so quite a nice
framework there you can follow for
features page next up we've got
Solutions or Industries pages so great
way to double down on those core
industries that you serve best the ones
that have the problem you solve that are
motivated to solve it and have cash to
easily invest in your offer and you've
historically served well so in Revenue
Hero's case they've got demand gen
leaders revops leaders sales leaders if
we dive into in this case demand gen
leaders similar framework to before so
they've got a nice hero area in this
case they're going problem Centric so
reduce customer acquisition costs
without increasing spend so you could
steal that for your product reduce
whatever you help reduce without and
then again doing that thing that folks
don't want to do so in our case it could
be reduce cost per acquisition or reduce
spend on paid media increase organic
inbound leads that's what we might use
at breaking B2B for our SEO offering for
B2B and SAS but think about how that
works for yours to the right of it in
that hero they've actually got a Cris
and specific customer testimonial with
the image of the client their name and
job title they've got CTA for book demo
they've got some more social proof of
the brands worked with and then they're
going problem Centric really like this
really like digging into those problems
that customers always come to you with
so in this case they've tailored it
specifically to this industry so for
demand gen leaders they're talking about
all this targeted demand you're driving
to a dead end so in their case they're
talking about folks dropping off from
filling a form conversions lost in the
Inbox and then they they go straight
away with a CT book a demo and then
talking about how their product how
their features solve those pain points
specifically so you're probably noticing
a theme the problem impact solution but
if you do your customer research if you
do your customer calls if you're making
customer conversations whether that's
Discovery calls sales calls customer
success calls support calls and more and
you're constantly getting that feedback
loop from your dream clients and this
stuff should be really easy for yourself
or your marketing team because you know
those pain points you know the impact of
the pain points and you know
specifically the features that they care
about from your product you can just tie
that into your content and messaging and
weave that into all these Pages whether
it's product pages solution Pages
industry Pages or whatever it is on your
website it should make it so much easier
build these out just like Revenue hero
that we work with a world back have done
here then again they've got Integrations
talking about some of the features
talking about kind of how it works
across specific Pages how it links into
your text app as we scroll and then some
more social proof in this case they've
got how it leans into those Industries
with customer quotes again with the the
customer photo job title logo and the
main things they find valuable and then
another CTA to book a demo and then the
footer section at the bottom now let's
dive into the pricing page this is
probably one of the most viewed pages of
any SAS website so you've probably got
Pages like home pricing book a demo
those probably some of the most viewed
pages on your website so many SAS
websites make the mistake and so many
B2B Tech websites in general make the
mistake of hiding pricing because they
think it will drive more leads through
to their sales team and it probably will
drive more leads they're just not going
to be qualified and that means as a
result it's going to frustrate the
prospect because you might get tons of
leads that can't actually afford your
offer and it's going to frustrate your
sales team because they're going to
speak to loads of unqualified prospects
they get on the call and soon realize
your offers perhaps way out of budget so
pricing pages are great to show
transparency qualify in great great fit
prospects most importantly back up those
claims which will dive into now and
build another layer of trust and help
speed up sales Cycles so looking at
proposify pricing page now and a typical
format for a SAS web website is to
introduce the pricing have an option to
flick from monthly to annually and
usually get a bit of discount for
annually and then usually you've got the
top three tiers so sometimes companies
anchor their pricing so first they'll
show the most expensive then middle then
a lighter option some don't so you just
like a basic a middle plan and a
business plan and then contact us for
Enterprise level pricing if you wish
which is kind of what have done here
with their three tiers and they've also
got a free trial option which some SAS
might do then underneath the core three
tier plans you can compare the features
in depth underneath in proposify site
they've got Security Options which is
definitely going to be more important to
kind of companies that especially as you
get bigger and you deal with more
Enterprise level clients they really
going to care about compliance and
security and all that good stuff in
general then back up those claims with
social proof ideally the social proof
you weave in whether it is Badges of
accrediations or Awards and then
customer testimonials or customer
testimonial videos ideally they actually
talk about price so maybe it was pricing
was competitive or pricing was better
than a competitor or maybe even go super
blunt like they were more expensive than
competitors but this is why we work with
them because they brought more value
their features were actually useful
maybe their sales team were more helpful
maybe the customer success is just above
and beyond anything we've seen before or
their support tickets answered within
within an hour as opposed to waiting
days or weeks so if you can get
testimonials that are crisp and specific
to the pricing to the value and all that
kind of stuff that's going to really
help you as well and weave those in then
maybe you've got CTA and then a a really
good superpower of pricing Pages as a
solid FAQ section so not just generic
FAQs like what does your product do or
how does it work but get to those issues
that often brought up on sales gos like
do you have a cancellation policy or
what is your cancellation policy do I
get a dedicated account manager what's
your returns policy what if I'm not
happy what's the restrictions on each
account what's your customer success
customer support levels like how quickly
can I expect responses what are the main
Integrations that you link up with can I
link up my CRM anything that gets raised
all the time what are those common
issues that those common frustrations
those common questions that you get on
those sales calls around price setup
support address those head-on not only
is it going to build more trust with
prospects not only is it going to save
your sales team time but it shows
transparency and you can get deals over
the line quicker one other play that you
can do on pricing if you don't have
straightforward pricing tiers you can do
a bit like what we've done at breaking
B2B on our service pages so for example
on our B2B SAS SEO page we've got an
intro to the offer and as you scroll
down we've got our pricing starts from
3K 3.5k a month so you can quickly get a
feel for what our pricing is and then
that can qualify in the right type of
fit Prospect another way is to go more
range or bracketed if you don't have set
tiers so next let's move on to results
or case study Pages Revenue hero have
got quite a nice addition to this
they've got a page called wall of love
and I've seen a few B2B sass do
something similar so rather than direct
case studies they've pulled quotes where
they've been mentioned on social media
so probably most likely LinkedIn is
going to be the the usual suspect for
B2B SAS so when marketers have mentioned
their product they've pulled a
screenshot of the quote including the
the prospect's name and and job role and
just cut and paste a load of those
mentions so they've got a really long
page that just nicely shows all these
customer quotes that just been pulled
from LinkedIn whether those were posts
or messages or similar it looks a lot
more authentic just a really nice Extra
Touch just for extra layer of I guess
trust building for folks that are
comparing options and want to see what
what people actually say about the
product in the wild and then if we dive
into their actual case study page so
they've called it the customers page got
a bunch of case studies so if you dive
into each one they've laid out quite
nicely so in the hero area we actually
got a background video of the customer
interview quickly says the benefit they
gain so in this case from 20% to 93% how
they improve their conversion rates with
lead routing you can either book a demo
or watch the full video and it talks a
bit about the company the industry the
location and and the website talks about
the paino or the challenge they faced
then they're weaving in customer quotes
as you scroll down the page it's got an
image of the client and pulling quotes
and then it's linking that problem or
that that issue to their product and
then it's actually got a gift of the
product against each pain point or each
feature they're interested in so in this
case lead distribution then it shows a
gift of their revenue here at product in
action doing that then it talks about
another feature or issue and again it's
got another GIF of how their product
specifically tackles that so that's
something that you could put into play
for your SAS so your case studies aren't
just talking about yourself or aren't
just talking about kind of the prospect
but they're weaving in both and weaving
in the product in action how it
specifically solved those pain points or
those goals or those jobs be done then
it talks about the main impact they had
the results they got how they fixed all
the problems why you should consider
their tool some more customer quotes
which are weaved in so there aren't just
walls of text boring Pages there's lots
of videos lots of interactivity lots of
gifts of the product in action examples
of the customer quotes and more and then
of course an ending CTA to to grab a
demo slightly different example of this
in my case on breaking bb.com on our btb
SEO results page we've kind of got more
simplified version we've got in this
case customer interview video
with their name their job role and then
an interview talking about the problem
they had why they decided to partner
with us their reservations about working
with us the results we brought to the
table the specific things they liked
about working with us and why they'd
recommend us then we've got a clear
simple breakdown of these are the
results these are the gains this is how
we help and this is the time frame of
the results so a couple kind of our a
bit more simplified with a lot of uh
testimonial review videos whereas
Revenue Heroes lot more in depth also
bear in mind that wall of love your page
could be named something different but
pulling those customer quotes in the
wild is quite a nice example shows a lot
more authenticity and transparency than
a traditional boring case study page
next we've got the book a demo or book a
cool page so some nice examples here
I've got a client wildspark and on their
Booker demo page you've got the usual
fields on the right hand side which then
goes through to a calendar so where you
can put your name job title email how
you heard about us and anything else we
need to know and then they've got a few
bullet points to the left of that form
saying this is what we won't do on this
cool death talk about things you don't
care about ignore the reason you reached
out or be really really salesy what we
will do is ask you about your story
listen understand your needs show you
exactly how World spark can help you and
attempt to make you laugh and then
underneath that you've got some social
proof so you've got some nice customer
testimonials you've got some G2 badges
you've got some brands that they've also
helped work and then you've got another
CTA to jump them back to that form so
that's quite a nice way you could do it
so your SAS basically has the booking
cool the booking form whether that's
calendar Revenue hero HubSpot meetings
whatever scheduler you use and then next
to that you've got some points about
what will actually happen on the call on
the breaking B2B book a cool page we've
got the calendar calendly on the right
hand side and then we basically say
we'll have a call to see if we can scale
your B2B company what we'll cover is any
current frustrations you have we'll
share actual examples based on our
experience of helping similar companies
we'll see if we're a good fit or not to
help your B2B or your SAS and if we
can't help we'll recommend a trusted
partner and if you can't see a time that
works then email this address and we'll
make sure we find a time that works then
we've got some social proof so video
review customer quote some more customer
testimonials so the demo page isn't just
a calendar it's clearly sharing exactly
what's going to happen on the call
sharing what happens if we're not good a
good fit and also building some trust
with that extra social proof and now
we've got the resources section so this
is a hub that's going to house anything
that might educate or entertain your
dream client so it could be anything
from a podcast where you interview
industry experts or maybe you've got
solo episodes sharing insights ideas
education around your market and what
you help with maybe you've got
information around case studies maybe
you've got some playbooks maybe you've
got some details about crms that you
partner with maybe you've got use cases
product documentation maybe you've got a
customer support or customer success
section so basically anything that could
be useful helpful educational
entertaining to your prospects it's all
housed within that menu tab of resources
Hub whatever you want to name it also
linking out to your blog and blog
article section so something to consider
what can we do for those prospects that
maybe aren't ready to book a call or buy
right now but is going to show us as a
helpful resource and we can house it all
under that section now we've got
competitor pages so these are super
useful generally in B2B Tech and SAS as
most prospects evaluate and make a short
list of three four maybe even five
vendors to compare before they discuss
internally and then finalize a solution
to move ahead with so they're probably
going to Google and searching for things
like competitor Alternatives or brand
name Alternatives or competitor 1 versus
competitor 2 or searching for brand name
pricing so in this case I'm looking at
our client check writers they provide
payroll and HR software and solutions so
I'm on one of their articles we've built
out for them for Gusto versus ADP versus
check writers so for for anyone that
googles Gusto versus ADP this article
should show up top and the whole point
of these kind of Articles is to position
how your offer stands out against these
two common competitors that get brought
up on sales calls so we can show our
differentiation show the main features
benefits why you should choose us over
them and then start driving more demos
for folks that are on the fence
comparing options and you could even
have a main menu tab for something like
competitors versus us or something like
that way you house all these competitor
comparison versus articles and usually
they have a quick summary talk about why
you should listen to them weave in
videos or examples of the product in
action talk about the main competitors
share how you're different maybe you've
got comparison tables of you versus them
share screenshots Gifts of your product
and action and like I say mainly is
showing kind of where you stand out
amongst your competitors leveraging
those insights from sales calls customer
success calls and more and basically
showing those people that are maybe on
the fence of where your solution stands
out and why they should consider signing
up or booking a demo with your tool when
they are doing that comparison or maybe
even looking to move away from one of
your competitors another page you could
consider for your SAS site is an about
page essentially I recommend you share a
quick snapshot of your Founders story
maybe you weave in pictures of the core
team of your SAS offering maybe have a
quick video of talking about the problem
that you initially encountered the
impact it was having why you decided to
build the product and how your product
specifically solves those pain points
then maybe you lean into some of the use
cases of your offer and then maybe you
guide folks to useful resources that
they might enjoy and then maybe you have
some social proof and some CTA to book a
demo or take a sign up or take a call so
nothing too heavy I'd lean into more the
founder Story the problem that they
really wanted to solve why they built
the product how the product addresses
those pain points maybe have a little
bit of social proof and then point folks
to useful resources or CTA to learn more
or take the next step a few quick points
on the technical build when it comes to
your sass website make sure your
website's got clear navigation across
mobile tablet and PC so when you scroll
that sticky menu now sticks to the top
of the page so it's easy for folks to
navigate your website no matter
whereabouts or what page they're on and
make sure your CTA whether that's free
sign up demo book cool is easy to click
through no matter what page you are make
sure your website works nice and quickly
on mobile tablet and PC and make sure
that design is enjoyable for dream
clients it's not just wall of text pages
but they're clearly broken up they're
nice and visual it's easy on the eye
pages are skimmable not heavy to read
and if you're unsure keep getting that
feedback League from prospects existing
clients and more constantly do that
customer research so you can make sure
that your website is hitting the mark
and resonating on messaging design core
pages and more and when it comes to
platforms common platforms that I'm
seeing used a lot for SAS websites are
WordPress web flow and HubSpot there's a
bunch of others like framer and more
those are some of the ones we're seeing
a lot a couple things to bear in mind
platform from like WordPress you can
pretty much fully own your website but
then you are going to be responsible for
maintenance updating plugins hosting and
more whereas if you use more of a selfs
serve allinone solution like webflow
HubSpot or similar all of the hosting is
done within that platform but it's
almost as if you're renting the site
it's a lot less stress as you don't have
to maintain the website or update
plugins or worry about hosting because
you pay a monthly fee to them and it's
almost like an all-in-one managed
solution now we haven't talked about SEO
many be Tech and SAS companies
completely neglect organic search or
don't give it the love that it deserves
it's a solid way to capture those High
sales intent prospects that are
searching on Google directly for your
software or solution or maybe comparing
Solutions or vendors or maybe have a
crisp and specific problem that you
solve if you can show up top of organic
search results be that on Google or now
ai search tools then you can start
driving qualified traffic and then
converting that traffic into signups
leads or demos or revenue for your SAS
offering the Crux of SEO is taking the
time build out these money keywords
understanding what the dream clients
search for when they need your offer
when they're comparing options when they
have crisp problems they want to solve
building out content to rank resonate
and convert whether that is landing
pages product pages articles comparison
Pages or more and then building out back
links so for those more competitive
hardto rank keywords building Niche
relevant industry back links on other
sites with doallo link L back to your
site and then making that a feedback
loop so constantly creating exhausting
those bottom of funnel keyword
opportunities building best-in-class
pages that AAR to eat experience
expertise Authority trust positioning
your product as the solution to problems
within that content making your page the
most useful helpful educational and
trustworthy on the internet following
basic technical SEO things like Fast
load Speed Works well on mobile tablet
PC weaving in your target keyword into
URL into the H1 into the metadata and
having inter links to relevant pages and
some of those best practices on SEO but
I won't dive too deeply in this episode
I have recently done a SAS SEO episode
that you might enjoy and there's a bunch
of others on the breaking B2B podcast if
you want to make SEO a solid driver of
inbound leads and revenue for your SAS
company and there you have it that's
exactly how you can craft a SAS website
to convert like crazy but you might have
noticed there's quite a few pieces to
the puzzle and quite a few steps to
implement to make it a success so if you
lack those resources inh house why not
book a call with us over at breaking
bb.com we'll be happy to have a chat to
understand where you're at now and where
you'd like to get to and we can see if
we're a good fit to start making your
website your number one sales rep and
starting driving a steady flow of
qualified pipeline leads and revenue so
head over to Breaking B2B
docomo plans or just hit the link in the
description below oh and if you're not
ready why not check out the breaking B2B
podcast or breaking B2B newsletter for
free website and SEO tips for your B2B
Tech or SAS company and with that I'll
catch you on the next one cheers